2026_0614 corrections
#1 Change red flash (on success) to last 2 seconds  - This is bug unfixed

#2  Cursor movement not fixed
when letter entered in cell automatically tab right or down. If overlap cell choose right or down based on where the previous letter was entered (if entered in col, then down; if entered in row then left).  Don't tab if in last cell of row or col as appropriate.

Last prompt to claude in vsc
Col not improved - no auto move on entry of a letter to next cell, no tabbing. And immediately entering a letter in overlap immediately initializes row tabbing. Must wait to determine row or col mode until a non-overlap cell is selected.

It there a keyboard handling package for Flutter that covers movement between cells in grids, like a crossword puzzle where columns and rows overlap.  Should automatically move to next cell after a letter entered, understanding to move up/down for columns and right/left for rows and handle overlap cells in some consistent way. 

Change your code to conform to the following. Add extensive comments for me bcs I am new to this. 
My guess (but you decide) is that at least you will need change TypeDirection;  add FocusNode for overlap; adjust _onCellChanged to determine which navigation caused the change (see movement types below). 

All cells should be either 1) col cell, 2) row cell or 3) overlap cell (a cell that is a member of both a row and a 
col).

There should be 3 types of movement to a cell. 
1) By clicking in it. 
2) By entering a letter in the current cell and reaching this cell by automatic type movement.  
3) Or by tabbing in the direction of the TypeDirection or shift-tab in the opposing direction of Type direction.  
No cell should be selected a the beginning.  (Add a prompt "Click a cell to start")


There should be 3 positive navigation TypeDirection modes: 1) neutral, 2) across for row, and 3) down for col. Shift-tab while in across or col should cause negative (reverse) navigation. 
Whenever arrive in cell check the following: 
-If arrived by click in the overlap cell set to neutral (typing or tabbing does not move). 
-Otherwise if click in set across if in a row, down if in a col
-If auto to or tab or shift+tab to a cell to then set to col or row depending on previous cell.  
- If arrive in an overlap NOT by clicking keep mode setting of across or down. 
-Do not skip over the overlap cell when in across or down mode just because it is special. 


#3 PENDING - Give cell borders appearance of raised 3-dimensonality and rounded thickness. Like a elevator floor button with depressed flat center.  Give cell some color, texture and shadow from light in upper left. 
Error 
A borderRadius can only be given on borders with uniform colors.
The following is not uniform: BorderSide.color

Result was a cell which is a grey blob without shadow attributable to source direction and without distinct rounded borders (prob needs to be a separate object) and cannot enter in it or see flashing bar prompt when you click in it. 

The borders should be a separate chained object with shadowing. Center cell must have shadowed background? 
Chain will have to be constructed from primitives
C shaped all the way to  rt vertical and n shaped from top and u shaped from bottom. cccc|  	 n
												ccc|
												 U


See gemini suggestions to do the same thing claude is trying. 




