2026_0618 corrections

#1 Set up SQLite database - Integrate the data update into the main app?
flutter pub add sqflite path
flutter pub add sqflite_common_ffi  (only needed if running as windows?)
.dart_tool \ sqflite_common_ffi \ databases \ verball_full_test.db

Now how copy the SQLite database to the app directory? 
Just copy ..\.dart_tool\sqflite_common_ffi ?
Here is the existing main.dart for the app change it so we are querying the 
  db for the drop downs and solution state of the crossword. 

Now refactor the original 

#2 MISC flutter pub add sqflite path etc in main and in both 
   Fix spell checker - can't recognize Portuguese
flutter pub outdated
  matcher 0.12.19 (0.12.20 available)
  meta 1.18.0 (1.18.3 available)
  test_api 0.7.11 (0.7.12 available)
  vector_math 2.2.0 (2.4.0 available)

#3  More complex crossword 
	2 rows, e.g., 3 short columns?
	prompt on fazia in row and cross columns on all 5 letters?
   

#3 I need to build up the crossword cells to have visual interest (dimensionality). Include 
A) a shaded background showing under the entry space that does not conflict with the flashing entry prompt or the visibility of the letters entered on top of it (unless of course the colors are incorrectly chosen). The cell background should have some color, texture and shadow from point source light beyond the upper left of app screen area. 
B) the entry space/cell above the background, if it needs to be different from the background and 
C) objects over the cell borders with appearance of raised 3-dimensonality and rounded thickness. Like a elevator floor button with depressed flat center.  Received this error on earlier attempt: A borderRadius can only be given on borders with uniform colors. This is why this "border" object probably needs to be something on top of the actual border 

The borders could be a separate chained object with shadowing. Chain will have to be constructed from primitives. For example, cup-shaped primitives such as C-shaped (Top, Bottom, Left side), N-shaped (Top, Left and Right Sides), U-shaped (Bottom, Left & Right sides) and one Right-side only.  I don't know if these also should be constructed from the single side primitives to be constructed first (Left, Right, Top, Bottom). The cups should be combinable to give a seamless appearance. 
Example of row of 3 and col of 3 overlapping in the middle using the 3 cup shapes and the single right side. 
 	 n
	ccc|
	 U

These cell and border components need to scale together if they need to be rescaled. 
Can you build up these components in a way that they can be constructed by a separate class in a separate file and then evoked as needed in the main puzzle file.  Eventually it would be good if these could be built and provided as static objects in separate graphics files to the run time. 
