2026_0621 corrections

#1) Generalize metadata handling. 

Review this and tell me if there any flaws or required modifications in this plan before doing it. 

Reference 1) the versioning format and code you just wrote to capture semantic versioning for the flutter SQLite db creator app to inject into the db and 2) the attached app_logger file which currently only exists for the Flutter app using the db.  

Create largely reusable separate dart files (to be called by main.dart) for functions to extract metadata for the semantic version (useable for both the db and the app), for extracting the db version (where relevant, such as in the app using the db), and OS. 

I want a metadata_combined string variable that main.dart will concatenate out of whatever metadata info I want from the metadata functions, the app name (always) and whatever else I want to add to it in a particular app.  So for my db creator it might include OS, db type, db semantic version all of which injected separately in the db and available to read and concatenate. For the app the same variable might include all of that the app OS and app. semantic version. 

When the db creator runs, it can pass the metadata_combined to the UI, the db and the app_logger. 

When the app runs, it can extract the creation metadata from the db, add its own metadata including app name and pass it to the UI and the app_logger for that particular application. 

The attached, current flutter app_logger for the app using the dtabase logs errors and also captures the current git commit for the log.  I want to change the log initialization entry (before the error or progress messages) for each session to include the metadata_combined. Add that metada_combined line after the existing initialization line.

When you are done I should have
>>And app_logger.dart I can use for multiple apps
>> individual .dart files for OS, app name, semantic version of the running app and extracting the metadata from a the db

After this we will refactor the main.dart files to properly implement these changes. 


#3) The SQLite file for lang_puz is in a .dart_tools dir that git does not backup. Review and the changes to date, then review package updates and conflicts. Pending

#4) More complex database- include version in db and in UI more verbs and more data types as per original spec

#5) More complex crossword PENDING
	2 rows, e.g., 3 short columns?
	prompt on fazia in row and cross columns on all 5 letters?
   

#? I need to build up the crossword cells to have visual interest (dimensionality). Include 
A) a shaded background showing under the entry space that does not conflict with the flashing entry prompt or the visibility of the letters entered on top of it (unless of course the colors are incorrectly chosen). The cell background should have some color, texture and shadow from point source light beyond the upper left of app screen area. 
B) the entry space/cell above the background, if it needs to be different from the background and 
C) objects over the cell borders with appearance of raised 3-dimensonality and rounded thickness. Like a elevator floor button with depressed flat center.  Received this error on earlier attempt: A borderRadius can only be given on borders with uniform colors. This is why this "border" object probably needs to be something on top of the actual border 

The borders could be a separate chained object with shadowing. Chain will have to be constructed from primitives. For example, cup-shaped primitives such as C-shaped (Top, Bottom, Left side), N-shaped (Top, Left and Right Sides), U-shaped (Bottom, Left & Right sides) and one Right-side only.  I don't know if these also should be constructed from the single side primitives to be constructed first (Left, Right, Top, Bottom). The cups should be combinable to give a seamless appearance. 
Example of row of 3 and col of 3 overlapping in the middle using the 3 cup shapes and the single right side. 
 	 n
	ccc|
	 U

These cell and border components need to scale together if they need to be rescaled. 
Can you build up these components in a way that they can be constructed by a separate class in a separate file and then evoked as needed in the main puzzle file.  Eventually it would be good if these could be built and provided as static objects in separate graphics files to the run time. 
